She’s not Ye Ci
She’s the daughter of Director Wen,
Ye Qi Luo
The two of them just happen to look alike
Ye Qi Luo?
I...
We still have work at the company,
so we’ll take our leave
Everyone, have fun
Qi Luo, let’s go
You guessed right
Someone really did call to verify
whether you’re still in prison
Just as you instructed,
I told him everything
Seems like they’re still highly suspicious
You were alone in the room with that bastard for a long time
He didn’t get suspicious, right?
All the scars and birthmarks
I’ve had them removed by laser
There’s no trace of anything
that links me to Ye Ci
That’s good
You must be extra careful
Xiao Ci
My son is about to be discharged
I’ll go pick him up
You go home first
Lao Jin, take her home first
Yes ma’am
No need, let Lao Jin take you first
I want to take a walk alone
Then please be careful yourself
Don’t worry, Auntie
May 3rd,
Dad said
that woman is my mom
But why did Mom pour boiling water to burn me?